Burek with meat(MK): hand-crafted frozen burek with minced meat. Country of origin: North Macedonia. Ingredients: wheat flour 40%, filling 29% (ground beef 19%, dehydrated onion10%, salt, black pepper) water 24%, salt, glycrol, palm oil, sunflower oil.

Burek with meat(HR): Burqa of hand-rolled dough stuffed with beef, frozen. Ingredients: wheat flour white type 400, water, ground beef, dehydrated onion, salt, black pepper, vegetable oils (sunflower and rapeseed), corn starch.

Pik cajna kobasica: This traditional salami is produced only from top-grade red meat and carefully selected natural spices, making it an ideal choice for delicious everyday family meals. Country of origin: Croatia. Ingredients: pork meat, salt, potassium chloride, dextrose, spices and spice extracts, aromas, antioxidant E301 and rosemary extract, preservatives E250 and E251. The casing is not edible.

Cevapcici: grilled meat rolls. Depending on the area, cevapcici are from 4 to 12 cm long and are made from different types of meat. Again and again, the grilled temptations from Bosnia and Herzegovina are said to be the most famous and best, while there is an interesting rivalry between the cevapcici from Sarajevo, Banjaluka, Tuzla and Travnik.
Ingredients: beef, veal, mutton, lamb, salt, pepper, baking soda, preservatives E250 and E251.

Akrokolion: Greek dried ham. Sometimes referred to as country ham, our ham has a unique, incomparable taste. Ingredients: Pork leg 65%, Drinking water, Edible salt, Potato starch, Stabilizers E250, E451, Thickener E407, Antioxidant E301, Spice and vegetable extracts, Natural aroma.

Rostiljska kobasica: This Grill Sausage's recipe and length make it ideal primarily for grilling. Made from carefully selected and high quality raw meat, this product is a great choice for every true lover of the grill. Country of origin: Serbia. Price 99 kc
Ingredients: pork meat 82%, water, sodium, potassium chloride, spices and spice extracts, aromas, plant fibers, acidity regulators E326 and E451, stabilizers E450 and E452, dextrose, antioxidant E301, preservative E250.

Pljeskavica: Hamburger, made from 100% beef according to the original recipe, ideal for grilling or roasting. Country of origin: Serbia. Ingredients: Beef (90%), onions, table salt, paprika, pepper, flavor enhancer monosodium glutamate, stabilizer sodium bicarbonate.

PIK Pljeskavica is a product with a spicier taste with an accentuated paprika component and a slightly accentuated aroma of barbecue and smoke. Country of origin: Croatia. Ingredients: Beef (90%), onions, table salt, paprika, pepper, flavor enhancer monosodium glutamate, stabilizer sodium bicarbonate.

Salama: Gluten and soy free high quality chicken sausage, without flavor enhancers. Source of Selenium. Country of origin: Slovenia. Ingredients: mechanically deboned chicken meat (65%), chicken meat 15%, water, sunflower oil, salt, dextrose, pea flour, stabilizer E450, thickener E412, natural spices, spice extracts, antioxidant E316, preservative E250.

Sudzuk: Ready to eat traditional beef salami. Country of origin: Bosnia and Herzegovina. Ingredients: beef, curing salt (sodium chloride, preservative: sodium nitrite), spices.