Tamyanka is a typical Bulgarian grape veriety for the production of high-quality wines. It's a rare grape, also known en grown on small territories in other neighbouring countries as well such as Macedonia, Serbia, etc. Price 208 Kč

VINICA Mavrud: Many wine lovers already know and have tried our VINICA Mavrud, made from dried grapes. A wine that has been officially rated as the best wine in Bulgaria. Mavrud made from dried grapes but now without contact with oak. Dried grapes, pure fruit, enormous concentration, a lot of layers on the palate and this everything with a minimum human influence on the taste. 469 Kč

terra tangra(bulgaria): Excellent balance between full body with mild acidity and ripe tannins; Blackberries, black currant, wild cherry, prune; Gentle earthy notes, fine black chocolate, smoke, tobacco, truffles; Smooth, fruity finish with subtle oaky flavours. Price 299 Kč


PYRITIS: Pure nose, full of minerality and flint which is a typical hint of Santorini’s Assyrtiko. Notes of matured stone-fruits and tart of citrus fruits. The palate shows considerable depth and genuine concentration, rich and dense with finesse and well balanced acidity. Long aftertaste with saltiness and minerality. Price 409 Kč

KOZLOVIĆ MALVAZIJA: Gentle on the nose as well, not too dominant. There is plenty of ripe, juicy yellow fruits, ripe apricots, and hints of tropical fruits. Quite ripe. Dry on the palate, with moderate acidities and medium-bodied, even slightly salty. The palate’s fruit character seems to be significantly more diverse than on the nose, showing extra layers of dried Mediterranean herbs and spices. Price 419  Kč

Kratosija: A Macedonian red wine using the Kratosija grape for vibrant and bright redcurrants, cherry and red berries. Ripe and silky with a profound red / blue colour. Shows plum and mulberry notes on the palate. Price 120 Kč

Sarris Robola of Kefalonia: A white wine with vibrant character, bright fruitiness and seductive palate that represents a unique “terroir”. It’s a result of the passion and experience of people who make it. Pale lemon color and elegant aromas of pear, green apple and lime. Price 469 Kč

Starosel: Originating from the region of Thracian Lowlands, Bulgaria. An enjoyable dry white wine and surprisingly full flavoured at the same tame. The aromatic tones of the Muscat compiment gently the elegance of the chardonnay. An excellent wine to pair with many dishes... Price 169 Kč

Krauthaker: A fresh wine by type, abundant fruit on the nose with some floral overtones, warm on the palate, finely rounded, harmonious, with solid body. Beautiful glowing crystal colour of yellow straw, considerably intense aroma hinting fresh apples and some vineyard peaches, also suggesting some bright field flowers. Taste is vibrant with good acidity finishing with pleasant mild bitterness specific to the wine variety. Price: 549 Kč

RETSINA Apollo Traditional Greek dry white wine from the Peloponnese with the taste and aroma of pine resin. For more than half a century, the Dionysos brand has been synonymous with retsina, the traditional Greek pine-grape wine.
Price: 89 Kč