skopsko: A combination of high quality ingredients, completed with love and almost 90 years of tradition... This is SKOPSKO! It is one of the strongest Macedonian brands and definitely the strongest beer brand in the country. SKOPSKO is synonymous with quality, consistency, tradition, trust and uniqueness. The alcohol content is 4.9%. Price 32 kc

zajecarsko: a light beer produced and bottled by the United Serbian Breweries. With its tradition and unique taste, this beer is synonymous with real refreshment and pleasure. The alcohol content is 4.5%. Price 39.90 kc

karlovacko: is a popular beer in Croatia. It is the signature product of brewer Karlovačka Pivovara, a Heineken International subsidiary, located in the city of Karlovac. Its makers describe it as "golden-yellow" in color and "refreshingly" bitter in taste. The alcohol content is 4.5%. Price 39 kc

mythos:  a light straw-coloured, lager beer introduced in 1997 and produced by the Olympic Brewery, a subsidiary of Carlsberg Group. The alcohol content is 4.7%. Price 39 kc

tuzlanski pilsner: Tuzla pilsner is the oldest brand of Pivare Tuzla, Bosnia which is produced according to a very demanding and old recipe, in a completely natural way. Pale gold colour, white foam head and aroma of corn grains, wet cardboard, grass. The alcohol content is 4.2%. Price 35.90

Shumensko Pivo - Bulgarian Lager 330ml is one of the most famous Bulgarian beers. It is still popular and loved all throughout Bulgaria. The alcohol content is 4.3%. Price 32.90

Laško Club is a Slovenian pale beer with specific sweet character and mild bitterness, made of top domestic and foreign recognised sorts of hop. Due to longer fermentation periods, minimal use of non-sugared types of wheat and higher percentage of malt, it is classified as a premium beer. The alcohol content is 4.9%. Price 39.90 kc

Birra Korça is the first beer brewed in Albania. This beer is a very high quality beer. Its special characteristics, such as the alcohol content within the standards, the pleasant aroma, the quite good bouquet, the viscosity are dedicated to the high standards of production. This beer is 100% malto.  The alcohol content is 4.1%. Price 33.90 kc

Jelen pivo is a pale lager produced by the Apatin Brewery from Serbia that belongs to American-Canadian concern Molson Coors.  Jelen has won various awards within Serbia and participates in a variety of sponsorships. Its logo is a bugling red deer; jelen means deer. It contains 4,6% alcohol and belongs to the class of light lagers. Price 32,90 kc

ALFA is a blonde light lager, cool thirst quencher, with rich foam and easy-to- drink. It has soft malt and yeast aroma.  It was the first consumer beer with a  Greek name.   It contains 5% alcohol.  Price 33 kc